1)
- *: Expression (multiplication operator)
- 'hello': Value (string)
- -87.8: Value (floating-point number)
- `-`: Expression (subtraction or negation operator)
- /: Expression (division operator)
- +: Expression (addition operator)
- 6: Value (integer)

2)
A string and a variable are both fundamental concepts in programming, but they serve different purposes:

String:
A string is a sequence of characters enclosed in quotation marks (single, double, or triple quotes).
It represents text data and can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.
Example: "hello", '123', "Welcome to programming!"
Variable:
A variable is a symbolic name or reference that stores a value, which can be of various data types like integers, floats, strings, lists, etc.
Variables are used to store and manipulate data within a program. The value of a variable can change throughout the execution of a program.

3)
Here are three different data types commonly used in programming:

1. Integer (int)
Description: Integers are whole numbers without a fractional component. They can be positive, negative, or zero.
Examples:
10 (positive integer)
-5 (negative integer)
0 (zero)
Usage: Integers are used for counting, indexing, and performing arithmetic operations.
2. String (str)
Description: A string is a sequence of characters enclosed in quotes (single, double, or triple). Strings represent textual data and can include letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces.
Examples:
"Hello, World!" (a string with words and punctuation)
'12345' (a string of numbers, treated as text)
"" (an empty string)
Usage: Strings are used for storing and manipulating text, such as names, sentences, and any other characters.
3. Boolean (bool)
Description: A boolean represents one of two possible values: True or False. Booleans are typically the result of comparison operations or conditional statements.
Examples:
True (boolean true)
False (boolean false)
Usage: Booleans are used in decision-making, controlling the flow of programs through conditional statements like if, while, and for loops.
Each of these data types serves a specific purpose in programming and is essential for building a wide range of applications.

4)
What is an Expression Made Up Of?
An expression in programming is made up of:

Operands: These are the values or variables that the expression operates on. They can be of various data types, such as integers, floats, strings, or booleans.
Examples: 5, x, "hello"
Operators: These are symbols or keywords that specify the operation to be performed on the operands.
Examples: + (addition), - (subtraction), * (multiplication), / (division), == (equality), and (logical AND)
What Do All Expressions Do?
All expressions are evaluated to produce a single value or result. The evaluation process depends on the operands and operators used in the expression. The result can be:

A numeric value: When arithmetic operators are used.
Example: 2 + 3 evaluates to 5.
A string: When string concatenation or manipulation is involved.
Example: "Hello " + "World!" evaluates to "Hello World!".
A boolean value: When relational or logical operators are used.
Example: 5 > 3 evaluates to True.
In essence, expressions are a way of computing values, making decisions, and manipulating data in a program.

5)
Expression vs. Statement:
Expression:
Definition: An expression is a combination of values, variables, operators, and function calls that can be evaluated to produce a single value.
Purpose: The primary purpose of an expression is to compute and return a value.
Examples:
5 + 3 (evaluates to 8)
x * 2 (if x = 4, it evaluates to 8)
"Hello, " + "World!" (evaluates to "Hello, World!")
Statement:
Definition: A statement is a complete instruction that performs some action. It may include expressions but does not necessarily evaluate to a value.
Purpose: The primary purpose of a statement is to execute an action, such as assigning a value to a variable, making decisions, or controlling the flow of a program.
Examples:
spam = 10 (an assignment statement that stores the value 10 in the variable spam)
print("Hello, World!") (a statement that outputs a string to the console)
if x > 5: ... (a conditional statement that controls the flow based on the condition)

6)
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
The variable bacon will still contain the value 22.

Explanation:
The expression bacon + 1 evaluates to 23, but this result is not assigned back to bacon.
Since there's no assignment operation (=) to update the value of bacon, its original value remains unchanged.
To update bacon, you would need to use an assignment like this:
bacon = bacon + 1
In this case, bacon would then contain 23.

7)
The values of the following two terms will be:

'spam' + 'spamspam':

This is a string concatenation operation.
The result will be the two strings joined together: 'spamspamspam'.
'spam' * 3:

This is a string repetition operation.
The string 'spam' will be repeated 3 times: 'spamspamspam'.
So, both expressions will result in the string 'spamspamspam'.

8)
In programming, eggs is a valid variable name, while 100 is invalid due to the rules that govern how variable names can be defined. Here's why:

Rules for Variable Names:
Must start with a letter or an underscore (_):

Variable names must begin with a letter (uppercase or lowercase) or an underscore. They cannot start with a number.
eggs starts with the letter "e", so it's valid.
100 starts with a number, so it's invalid as a variable name.
Can contain letters, numbers, and underscores:

After the first character, variable names can include letters, numbers, and underscores.
Example: eggs_100 is valid.
Cannot be a reserved keyword:

Variable names cannot be one of the reserved keywords in the programming language, such as if, for, while, etc.
Both eggs and 100 are not reserved keywords, so they don't violate this rule.
Why eggs is Valid:
eggs follows all the naming rules: it starts with a letter, contains only letters, and is not a reserved keyword.
Why 100 is Invalid:
100 starts with a number, which violates the rule that variable names must begin with a letter or an underscore. This is why 100 cannot be used as a variable name.
To use 100 as part of a variable name, it would need to start with a letter or underscore, such as num100 or _100.

9)
The three functions used to convert a value into an integer, floating-point number, or string in Python are:

int(): Converts a value to an integer.

Example: int("42") will convert the string "42" to the integer 42.
num = int("100")  # Converts the string "100" to the integer 100
float(): Converts a value to a floating-point number.

Example: float("3.14") will convert the string "3.14" to the float 3.14.
num = float("2.718")  # Converts the string "2.718" to the float 2.718
str(): Converts a value to a string.

Example: str(42) will convert the integer 42 to the string "42".
Usage:
text = str(123)  # Converts the integer 123 to the string "123"
These functions are commonly used when you need to ensure a value is in a specific data type before performing operations on it.

10)
The expression 'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.' causes an error because it attempts to concatenate a string with an integer directly. In Python, you cannot directly add (concatenate) a string and an integer together, as they are different data types.

Why It Causes an Error:
Type Mismatch: The + operator is used for concatenation when dealing with strings, but here it's being applied between a string ('I have eaten ') and an integer (99). Python doesn't know how to combine these different data types directly, so it raises a TypeError.
How to Fix It:
You can fix this error by converting the integer 99 to a string using the str() function before concatenation.

'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
Output:
'I have eaten 99 burritos.'
This way, all parts of the expression are strings, and Python can concatenate them without any issues.























